src/posts/claude-workflow.md, before:

---
category: 'ai'
label: 'Claude AI'
date: 'Jan 2026'
readTime: '8 min read'
title: 'My Claude Code Workflow: From Idea to Production'
excerpt: 'How I use Claude AI as a force multiplier for development. Real examples of prompts, workflows, and the surprising ways AI has changed how I think about code architecture.'
---

# My Claude Code Workflow: From Idea to Production

As a developer and IT professional, finding the right tools out of the sheer amount of options is exhausting. But the moment I integrated **Claude AI** into my development workflow, my team velocity transformed.

## The Problem
Before we adopted generative AI as a strict dependency for operations...

- We spent 30% of our week digging through internal documentation
- Debugging obscure build errors in OpenClaw components took an average of 4 hours
- Context switching destroyed sprint capacity

## The Solution
Instead of treating Claude like a gimmick, we wired it directly into our repositories.

> "A tool is only as good as the system backing it." - Random IT Director

Here is a snippet of how our automated review scripts look:
```javascript
const analyzePR = async (diffString) => {
  const result = await claude.messages.create({
    model: 'claude-3-opus-20240229',
    max_tokens: 1024,
    messages: [
      {
        role: 'user', 
        content: `Review this diff for security flaws:\n\n${diffString}`
      }
    ]
  });
  return result;
}
```

## Results
We saw a massive efficiency jump, meaning our Network Administrators focused on scaling infrastructure instead of parsing logs manually. 

**Give it a try!** Drop a `.md` post like this right into the `public/posts` directory to instantly see it rendered.

Commit message:

Standardize markdown styling and frontmatter across all blog posts
Add missing slug field to all posts, fix incorrect categories and labels
(gateway/tailscale posts were mislabeled as React), improve excerpts,
fix broken title line breaks in frontmatter, add consistent horizontal
rule separators, and clean up formatting for a uniform professional look.

https://claude.ai/code/session_01WNM7cATdbkYvwwusti3Fpd

src/posts/claude-workflow.md, after:

---
slug: 'claude-code-workflow'
category: 'ai'
label: 'Claude AI'
date: 'Jan 2026'
readTime: '3 min read'
title: 'My Claude Code Workflow: From Idea to Production'
excerpt: 'How I use Claude AI as a force multiplier for development. Real examples of prompts, workflows, and the surprising ways AI has changed how I think about code architecture.'
---

# My Claude Code Workflow: From Idea to Production

As a developer and IT professional, finding the right tools out of the sheer amount of options is exhausting. But the moment I integrated **Claude AI** into my development workflow, my team velocity transformed.

---

## The Problem

Before we adopted generative AI as a strict dependency for operations...

- We spent 30% of our week digging through internal documentation
- Debugging obscure build errors in OpenClaw components took an average of 4 hours
- Context switching destroyed sprint capacity

---

## The Solution

Instead of treating Claude like a gimmick, we wired it directly into our repositories.

> "A tool is only as good as the system backing it." — Random IT Director

Here is a snippet of how our automated review scripts look:

```javascript
const analyzePR = async (diffString) => {
  const result = await claude.messages.create({
    model: 'claude-3-opus-20240229',
    max_tokens: 1024,
    messages: [
      {
        role: 'user',
        content: `Review this diff for security flaws:\n\n${diffString}`
      }
    ]
  });
  return result;
}
```

---

## Results

We saw a massive efficiency jump, meaning our Network Administrators focused on scaling infrastructure instead of parsing logs manually.

The key takeaway: Claude isn't a replacement for thinking — it's a force multiplier for the thinking you're already doing. Pair it with clear prompts, structured repos, and a solid CI pipeline, and the results speak for themselves.

---

*Want to try it yourself? Drop a `.md` post into the `src/posts` directory to instantly see it rendered on this blog.*
